README.md, before:

# React Tab View App

A tab-based React application demonstrating reusable components and complex state management using **Redux** and **Redux-Saga**, built with **Vite**, **Material UI**, and **SCSS**.

## Features

- Tab view with 5 interactive tabs:
  - **Tab 1**: Wikipedia iframe
  - **Tab 2**: Button to fetch and show user data from a public API + navigate to Tab 3
  - **Tab 3**: Recursive task printing "Hello Task" N times and then "STOP"
  - **Tab 4**: Todo list with add/remove functionality and cross-tab persistence
  - **Tab 5**: Two counters with independent increment buttons
- Global state managed via Redux
- Side-effects handled by Redux-Saga
- Styled using SCSS
- UI with Material UI (MUI)
- Built using Vite for fast dev and build times

---

## Tech Stack

| Tool            | Description                      |

| React + Vite    | Frontend framework & tooling     |
| Redux           | State management                 |
| Redux-Saga      | Middleware for async flows       |
| Material UI     | UI components                    |
| SCSS            | Styling                          |
| ESLint          | Code quality                     |

---

## Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/jainaditi19/react-tabs-multitask-app.git
cd react-tabs-multitask-app
```

### 2. NPM install
npm install

### 1. Start the repo
npm run dev

Commit message:

added links of repo code and page in readme file

README.md, after:

# React Tab View App

A tab-based React application demonstrating reusable components and complex state management using **Redux** and **Redux-Saga**, built with **Vite**, **Material UI**, and **SCSS**.

## Features

- Tab view with 5 interactive tabs:
  - **Tab 1**: Wikipedia iframe
  - **Tab 2**: Button to fetch and show user data from a public API + navigate to Tab 3
  - **Tab 3**: Recursive task printing "Hello Task" N times and then "STOP"
  - **Tab 4**: Todo list with add/remove functionality and cross-tab persistence
  - **Tab 5**: Two counters with independent increment buttons
- Global state managed via Redux
- Side-effects handled by Redux-Saga
- Styled using SCSS
- UI with Material UI (MUI)
- Built using Vite for fast dev and build times

---

## Tech Stack

| Tool            | Description                      |

| React + Vite    | Frontend framework & tooling     |
| Redux           | State management                 |
| Redux-Saga      | Middleware for async flows       |
| Material UI     | UI components                    |
| SCSS            | Styling                          |
| ESLint          | Code quality                     |

---

## Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/jainaditi19/react-tabs-multitask-app.git
cd react-tabs-multitask-app
```

### 2. NPM install
npm install

### 3. Start the repo
npm run dev


### Hosted the code using GitHub Pages
https://jainaditi19.github.io/react-tabs-multitask-app/

### Link to code repository
https://github.com/jainaditi19/react-tabs-multitask-app
